hello internet is Sarah I hope you all
are doing great today TIFF I am starting
a new kind of vlogging series called
hashtag that creative life in the next
couple of months I am doing a lot of fun
filming lots of fun just planning out
2016 because there will be a lot coming
at you guys and I'm excited about hits
the white boards of plans it'll
basically be me setting up a camera
wherever I can and just talking about
either one topic that I choose or a
topic that you guys have asked in the
comments of YouTube videos or Twitter or
Instagram or snapchat before we get
started last week I made a video called
stay curious I hope you guys enjoy it if
you have not seen it make sure to check
out the link and enjoy it I am making
these stay curious shirts so basically
look like that they're only on sell for
a few more days so if you want one you
should check out the link in the
description below they gonna be fresh so
I guess you can say this is kind of my
version of vlogmas I won't be posting
every single day but keeping to my
schedule once a week on Tuesdays at 8
p.m. so without further ado let's get
into it
today I want to talk about working for
free someone asked me a question about
this and I have some things to say about
it I think working for free is so
important a lot of people say never work
for free because then no one will
respect your prices but you have to have
a portfolio or a you know some amount of
work that you can show to people that
gives you credibility when you are then
asking for money you know down the road
if you are a photographer videographer
designer graphic designer or anything
outside of the creative realm people
want to see what you have
before they give you the money once you
have reached that certain level of
confidence in your skills then heck yes
you go to clients with confidence in
your prices because they are ultimately
getting what they pay for and you want
to be able to deliver in a timely manner
that is suitable for you know what you
need money-wise and what you can provide
them however before you get to that
point you know after that point passion
projects and free work is very important
so what are you talking about in regards
to passion projects that is you saying
you know this would be a cool project
that is not out in the world yet but I
think I can create it so you go out and
do it
no one is paying you know what is asking
you to do it but you are making yourself
do it this kind of ties into my whole
stay curious stay creative themes or
whatever you want to call it you want to
always be creating you want to always be
exploring and trying new things because
out of that you will create some awesome
stuff for example I love to travel and a
couple years ago I went to Greece well
in Greece I took a lot of pictures of
video because that's just what I love to
do and I came back and created a video
about it this was just a fun project
that I did on my own in my free time and
in the next few months when I shared it
via YouTube a lot of people you know
looked at and said no Sara this is video
thing you do that's actually kind of
cool can I hire you to do this can I
hire you to do this and then I started
accepting jobs I actually had a lot of
cool jobs just from a travel video even
posting videos on YouTube every week has
turned into a challenge for me you know
it pushes me to continually create stuff
to you
continually getting better in Minecraft
and you know while I'm doing it
hopefully I am kind of creating a
platform for myself that I can share my
content on and hopefully a you know
group of people that will hold me
accountable to creating stuff and
creating good stuff so whether you have
dreams of being a photographer or an
accountant or a interior designer or
really anything underneath the Sun you
just have to get out there and work you
are probably going to work for super
cheap in the beginning you're probably
going to work for free and there you get
you know say you want to be a stylist
and you want to you know design outfits
and all that jazz that whole world of
fashion is super intimidating but you
get in on it with just offering your
help for free in the beginning and you
make connections and you get phone
numbers look around at your world see
what it is missing what do people need
are there someone who needs senior
pictures taken but they can't afford it
well you go tell that person that you
are gonna take the most amazing senior
pictures of them for free and then you
post them on your socials and you get
some attention if you dream of
developing a app or website someday then
you go out into the world watch tons of
YouTube videos on how to do that you
start looking at the code of your tumblr
page and start tweaking it and seeing if
any of your friends need help with a
website and it's not gonna be perfect
and you're not gonna be the best of it
and they're beginning but you're gonna
learn a freaking lot of stuff so what is
my point my point is yes work for free
even when you're doing jobs that are
paying an insane amount of money it's
really those passion projects it's
really those things that you are going
up
doing that you want to do that you can
make you know the best workout of that's
gonna get the attention and lead to
hopefully you know jobs that will
actually pay or lead to amazing
opportunities opportunity is something
that you create a lot of people think
opportunity is something that comes to
you but that is just bull opportunity
will not come to you when you are
spending every single weekend watching
Netflix whoa your stuff to get outside
your bubble meet people and work hard
that whole working hard part is what
separates you in between you know point
A and point B you can get to point B but
you just got a hustle to get there I
hope that helped in some sort of way I'm
super excited for that creative life it
will be very impromptu I am just going
to talk to wherever I am with my little
point and shoot camera so if you guys
have any questions at all leave them
down in the comments below or you can
tweet me Instagram me snapchat I am all
over the place also I will continue
posting on sireesha comm every single
day every day's I post pictures of post
videos I post music mondays where I talk
about music because I love music
and I just want you to stick with me
throughout these next couple months cuz
it's exciting I want to share it with
you guys the highs and lows that I will
be going through and hopefully I can
share some insight along the way because
I'm just figuring out this thing called
life just like you guys if you like this
hit that subscribe button oh and a part
of 2016 is this other secret project
YouTube channel that I have going on so
it would mean the world to me
it would mean the world if you guys hit
that subscribe button
to this other YouTube channel titled
secret project right now but come 2016
you will know what this is going to be
so happy December I'll see you guys next
Tuesday you need to be put away at this
time I'll carry an item securely stowed